# Terms and Conditions
By registering into any tournament organised by 'Off the Dial' you have read and agreed to the following conditions below, it's not that much.

1. All tournaments Off the Dial organises are Signatory Tournaments as defined by the [Splatoon Safety - Code of Conduct](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pf6S25d2rFDAP5JUJzaVeEkb0OGYIaGo-LQ3KGXUOpA).
1. Matches of the tournament may be streamed on the official 'Off the Dial' livestream or by players who may be also participating in the tournament. By registering in the tournament, players are giving their permission for their in-game avatars to be showcased on social media platforms (such as YouTube, Twitch, Twitter, etc), and for the use of promotional material made by Off the Dial or by players in the tournament.
1. If a player breaks any rules or any of these terms and conditions stated in the documents available online that state the rules for each tournament, they may be banned from one or more seasons of 'It's Dangerous to go Alone', 'Weakest Link' and any other competition that Off the Dial may announce in the future.
1. Any data collected by 'Off the Dial' or the tournament organisers of 'Off the Dial' can and may be used in future events until updated by the player. This information will not be shared with anyone else (excluding tournament organisers) without the player's permission. This excludes information that is used or seen publically during the tournament's duration (IGN, friend code, ranks). 'Off the Dial' is not in the buisness of selling your data.
1. In tournaments that 'Off the Dial' may create teams for, these teams will be assigned purely on skill and harbour no favouritism towards any player. Teams that are assigned must be upheld and no team changing unless approved by one of the tournament organisers.
1. If a player breaks any of Discord's and/or smash.gg's terms of service they may be banned from one or more seasons of 'It's Dangerous to go Alone', 'Weakest Link' and any other competition that Off the Dial may announce in the future, on top of any consequence that those respective entities may deem fit.
1. Changes to the tournament may occur due to unforeseen circumstances. If changes do occur players must accept these changed or remove themselves from the current season before check-in closes.
